README.md, before:

# Real time system changes monitoring solution (RTSCMS)

The project aims to
- Monitor the system changes
- Classify the system behahiour as malicious, suspicious or normal behaviour
- Map the changes to mitre att&ck framework

The project is divided into 3 phases
1. Monitoring engine.
2. Analysis engine.
3. Mapping engine.

## Monitoring engine
### monitoring.exe
- This will be setup in the machine where you want to monitor the system changes, the setup instructions can be found [here](monitoring/)

### agent
- Monitoring engine is accompanied by an [agent](monitoring/agent) which will automate the task of periodic monitoring and sending logs to the analysis engine

## Analysis engine
### analysis.py
- The job of this engine is to parse the dumps generated by monitoring engine and keep them in a organised format 
  ( all the logs should be kept in `logs` folder relative to the script )
### agent
- The server of the [agent](monitoring/agent) given will be setup in this engine to receive the logs generated in a timestamped manner

Commit message:

[docs] update readme and requirements.txt (#70)
* update analysis readme

* analysis readme fix

* Update README.md

* add mapping requirements

* make a agent client readme

* merge gitignore

* Create README.md

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

# Real time system changes monitoring solution (RTSCMS)

The project aims to
- Monitor the system changes
- Classify the system behahiour as malicious, suspicious or normal behaviour
- Map the changes to mitre att&ck framework

The project is divided into 3 phases
1. Monitoring engine.
2. Analysis engine.
3. Mapping engine.

## Monitoring engine
### monitoring.exe
- This will be setup in the machine where you want to monitor the system changes, the setup instructions can be found [here](monitoring/)

### agent
- Monitoring engine is accompanied by an [agent-client](monitoring/agent/client) which will automate the task of periodic monitoring and sending logs to the analysis engine

## Analysis and Mapping engine
These are the backend engines which will process the logs and show the results to the users. Both of these are designed to be run on a single machine.

### analysis.py
- The job of this engine is to parse the dumps generated by monitoring engine and keep them in a organised format.
### mapping.py
- This uses elastic search apis to send all the parsed stuff for mapping with kibana
### agent
- The [agent-server](analysis/agent/server) given automates running analysis and mapping internally with api's, It should have both the requirements for the mapping as well as the analysis to be run correctly.
